Oh howdy 40 fifth and summer he
remembers all right now we are on our
third batch of rebound 25 I have it
mixed up now and thick it again with 5x
now what I'm going to do is Tyler's
we're going to make some registration
keys I told you a little while ago to
show you a very quick and easy way to
make reinforced on the spot registration
TVs what you're going to do is you're
going to take small clumps of
cheesecloth take that just put it in
your thickened up 5x and rolling around
and make it up into a ball now what that
does the 5x silicone actually bond with
the cheesecloth to further reinforce
that and now you've made yourself a
pretty little ball pump for a
registration key now I take that part
I'm going to wrap it up and more cheese
cloth and add more 5x thick and silicone
until we reach the desired thickness for
our registration key
now we've got that about as thick as I
once just a big honking chunk just take
that and attach it in the places that
will most likely need a registration key
now because you made that with
cheesecloth and thickened 5x reinforced
silicone it will instantly gone keep its
shape and stay there and there is
registration key number one quick easy
on the spot and it has the unique shape
that you need we're going to make three
or four of these and then with the
leftover picking silicone here where to
go ahead and just picking up this mold a
little bit more so I'm going to go ahead
and do that and I will see you guys and
top 20 or 30 minutes
all right 40 fifth and shoring hammer
members this is our third coat of
rebound 25 again using the 5x on this
coat now I remember just a little while
ago I took so cheese cloth just standard
cheese cloth fabric and give this at
Walmart there's some cheese cloth dipped
it in that 5x thickened rebound 25 and
made it into these little almost zip
like balls that you see everywhere we go
ahead and turn this around as you can
see all of the registration keys so what
we've got going on here how much got
three on each side including the top as
a side so we've got here and here and
here the reason why we didn't put
another one right here is because when I
make this mother mold this big clock
right here will actually serve as its
own registration key so that will keep
that entire side in place I've got three
on top as a separation line and then the
same thing on the other side what you'll
see next I'll be back in about another
hour and a half to two hours putting our
final letter read about 25 on taken with
5x what we're going to focus on with
that layer is sealing in all these
registration keys will put a layer on
top of them and then any part so they're
still just a little thin after that this
puppy will be done and ready for mother
molds